[Tor Trac #24490]: Update documentation for ns/purpose/bridge (#76)
torproject/torspec: control-spec.txt

      queries.
      [First implemented in 0.2.0.13-alpha.]
      [In 0.2.0.9-alpha this switched from v2 directory style to v3]

>       [in 0.4.1.1-alpha we stop setting bridges as running here]

Reviewer: This note is potentially confusing.

What do you think of:
```suggestion
      [In versions before 0.4.1.1-alpha we set the Running flag on bridges when /ns/purpose/bridge is accessed]
      [In 0.4.1.1-alpha we set the Running flag on bridges when the bridge networkstatus file is written to disk]
```
